## Describe the difference between `!` and `?`

- `!` functions as two things in Ruby, the not logical operator and in method
names it is an indication that the method might be destructive or otherwise
dangerous
- `?` functions as the ternary operator in conditional expressions and also
used in method names it indicates a method that returns a boolean value.

1. What is `!=` and where should you use it?
  - `!=` means "not equal to" and it is a comparison operator that can be used
  in conditional expressions. For example, if you don't want to allow 0 as a
  valid input:

  ```ruby
  loop do
    input = gets.chomp
    break if input.to_i.to_s == input && input != '0'
    puts "That's not a valid input. Please enter a non-zero integer"
  end
  ```

2. What would happen if you put `!` before something, like `!user_name`?
  - This indicates the `!` meaning "not", so the phrase `!user_name` would mean
  that the value in question was not the value references by `user_name`. It
  causes something true to return a value of false, and something false to
  return a value of true.

3. ... if you put `!` after something, like `words.uniq!`?
  - Here the `!` is telling us that the method being used is potentially
  destructive or otherwise dangerous. While it is not always the case that a 
  method which mutates the caller has a `!` at the end, it is sometimes true.
  In the example here:
  
  ```ruby
  words = %w( to be or not to be )
  words.uniq
  p words     # => ['to', 'be', 'or', 'not', 'to', 'be']

  words = %w( to be or not to be )
  words.uniq!
  p words     # => ['to', 'be', 'or', 'not']

4. ... if you put `?` before something?
  - It is being used at the ternary operator in a specialized format for
  conditional expressions. It indicates the `if` section in a normal `if`
  statement. 

  ```ruby
  x = 5
  x > 0 ? puts "x is positive" : puts "x is negative"
  ```

5. ... if you put `?` after something?
  - It is being used to indicate a method that returns a boolean value.

  ```ruby
  x = 3
  puts x.odd?   # => true
  puts x.even?  # => false
  ```

6. ... if you put `!!` before something, like `!!user_name`
  - In this case, `!` is being used as the "not" operator, but because there
  are two of them, it functions like a double negative. So, if something is
  not-not `user_name`, it is, in fact, equal to `user_name`. Causes something 
  true to return a value of true. Causes something false to return a value of false.

